Add documentation about comments to Tour of Ocaml (#2613)
ocaml/ocaml.org: data/tutorials/getting-started/1_01_a_tour_of_ocaml.md

UTop allows users to interact with OCaml by reading and evaluating OCaml phrases, like expressions or value definitions, and printing the result on the screen. Use the `utop` command to run UTop. Exit it by pressing `Ctrl+D`. For more information, you can read the [Introduction to the OCaml Toplevel](/docs/toplevel-introduction).

> Some of the examples in this tour include comments. Comments in Ocaml start with `(*` and end with `*)` and can be nested. Because they are ignored by Ocaml, they can be used anywhere whitespace is permitted. When entering the code below into UTop, the comments can be left out. Here are some examples:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some of the examples in this tour include comments. Comments in OCaml start with `(*` and end with `*)` and can be nested. Since they are ignored by OCaml, they can be used anywhere whitespace is permitted. When entering the code below into UTop, the comments can be left out. Here are some examples:
```

- Call functions defined in modules of the OCaml standard library
-->

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

# "This is really disco!";;
- : string = "This is really disco!"

> # 'a';; (* note the single quotes *)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# 'a';; (* Note the single quotes *)
```

Do not use dashes in names; use underscores instead. For example: `x_plus_y` works, `x-plus-y` does not.

Bindings can be given special comments (sometimes called "docstrings") that editors and tooling treat as related to the binding. These are denoted by adding a second `*` to the opening of the comment. For example:

```ocaml
(** Feet in a mile *)
let feets = 5280;;
val feets : int = 5280
```

> This is discussed further in [odoc for authors: Special Comments](https://ocaml.github.io/odoc/odoc_for_authors.html#special_comments).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is discussed further in [`odoc` for Authors: Special Comments](https://ocaml.github.io/odoc/odoc_for_authors.html#special_comments).
```

# let rec sum u =
    match u with
    | [] -> 0

>     | x :: v -> x + sum v;; (* :: in a pattern is not the cons operator *)

Reviewer 2: What do you mean here?

Author: `1 :: [2]` is the cons operator, right? The double colon is used in `match` branches but it's not actually the cons operator, it's just `match`-specific syntax that looks the same: `| hd :: tl -> ...`. Unless I'm mistaken, you can't write `| (::)(hd, tl) -> ...`. That's what I'm trying to communicate.

Reviewer 2: ```ocaml
# function [] -> None | (::) (x, u) -> Some (x, u);;
- : 'a list -> ('a * 'a list) option = <fun>
```

:-)

Author: 👀 okay what the hell. I thought I tried this but it seems I miswrote it or something cuz now it works as you demonstrated. Folks on the discord explained it, so I'll remove this comment.

Author: Removed!

# let rec length u =
    match u with
    | [] -> 0

>     | _ :: v -> 1 + length v;; (* _ in a pattern is ignored and can't be used in the body *)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    | _ :: v -> 1 + length v;; (* _ doesn't define a name; it can't be used in the body *)
```
